before there was you know tribal versus
covered there was a spelling Hanson and
I think that there still is just belly
dance but we
we separate and so she was just training
the answers and they all started going
to renaissance festivals and dressing up
and getting everyone's attention and
stopping the streets and then there's
traffic jams no one could get by and
that the owner of the restaurant went to
the teacher was like look if I give you
a stage we just put all your women on
there and then stop gumming up my you
know my situations again let's do a show
so she started saying well what would it
be from the Middle Ages what would they
evolve it would be tribes of Nigeria
tremana Moroccan tribe and and maybe an
Uzbek tribe and Egyptian charm they I
think was in there he doesn't not was
Baal or not so that was for him just to
give it a format to fit into a
renaissance festival and then that was
the precursor to what became tribal
style so one of her students was Masha
Archer and then Masha Archer student is
Kerameikos we started the fat chance
belly dance format and she was very
conscious of what she was doing to I
mean this was a this was a modern
primitive movement of you're not going
to define me I'm going to tattoo myself
and wear makeup and wear nails and wear
jewelry and II know see that you can
choose juxtapose a lot of these
aesthetic roles in order to break them
in order to turn them on their head as
though she were Turkish pantaloons with
you know Sufi flying skirts with Indian
Chili's with a coin brach and it's urban
entities like the word prostitute and
Arabic across her back she was really
breaking all the rules and she's a
lesbian so I was like you know what they
let anybody - I wish women do and then
the women have strength within that and
so then this movement was like oh
there's strong and beautiful and I think
that that's what in our country is is
lacking is that there's soft and
beautiful submissive or there's like
pornographic you know and you could be
one or the other or you can be respected
but they can't all three reside within
the one like you can't have a brain and
have a sex drive and be soft and be
attractive Anna did not again gives you
a little bit too much power
so then
where the diet dialogue of weirdest
feminism
you know what how do we unite and I
think belly dance answers a lot for that